Fixing Links inside Issue #600 (#784)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/unverified-sender-feature.md

> - If an admin has identified a false positive, and a sender should not be receiving the unverified sender treatment they can take one of the following actions to add the sender to the Spoof Intelligence spoof allow list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If an admin has identified a false positive, and a sender should not be receiving the unverified sender treatment, one of the following actions can be taken to add the sender to the Spoof Intelligence spoof allow list:
```

>     - Add the domain pair through the Spoof Intelligence Insight. For more details, see [Walkthrough: spoof intelligence insight](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/walkthrough-spoof-intelligence-insight)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add the domain pair through the Spoof Intelligence Insight. For more details, see [Walkthrough: spoof intelligence insight](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/walkthrough-spoof-intelligence-insight).
```

>     - Add the domain pair through the PhishFilterPolicy cmdlet. For more details, see [Set-PhishFilterPolicy](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/advanced-threat-protection/set-phishfilterpolicy) and [Anti-spoofing protection in Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/set-up-anti-phishing-policies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add the domain pair through the PhishFilterPolicy cmdlet. For more details, see [Set-PhishFilterPolicy](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/advanced-threat-protection/set-phishfilterpolicy) and [Set up Office 365 ATP anti-phishing and anti-phishing policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/set-up-anti-phishing-policies).
```
